# Predicting-New-Covid-Cases-With-Weather-And-Mobility-Variable
This project aims to answer the following question: Can COVID- 19 new cases be predicted due 
to the changes in mobility and weather in London Greater Area? 
For the Machine learning module at University the requirement  was to do a project working in a team of three and the research aim of the project was to predict the new COVID-19 cases. In order to carry out this project the work has been distributed between us three. My colleagues responsibility was to create the big dataset, to clean it,  to replace the NA’s with the mean value after it was calculated. My responsibility was to carry out the exploratory data analysis . The dataset was first explored using the summary function and after using the structure function in the next step histograms have been created to look at some variable's distribution. The histogram of new Covid cases which is the target variable shows a right skewed distribution meaning that when doing the modelling a log transformation will be required to obtain a more normal distribution. With the main target variable in focus scatterplot visualisations have been created to find relationship between the Number of Covid cases and the other variables. K means clustering has been applied on the new covid cases, weather and mobility data to find any relationships between variables. From the scatterplots visualisations it can be observed that there are not clearly linear relationships between any of the variables. Until this point of the project we had weekly meetings to discuss every step of the project and to ask for any help if needed. The last step of the project has been that each of us will apply a different algorithm model to predict the new Covid-19 cases and after to compare the results. I applied regression trees models and random forest algorithms to predict the new COVID 19 cases. 
